update instructions on how to run locally (#31630)
cypress-io/cypress: guides/studio-development.md

- Clone the `cypress-services` repo (this requires that you be a member of the Cypress organization)
  - Run `yarn`
  - Run `yarn watch` in `app/packages/studio`
- Set:
  - `CYPRESS_ENABLE_CLOUD_STUDIO=true`
  - `CYPRESS_INTERNAL_ENV=staging` if testing against staging
  - `CYPRESS_LOCAL_STUDIO_PATH` to the path to the `cypress-services/app/packages/studio/dist/development` directory
- Clone the `cypress` repo
  - Run `yarn`
  - Run `yarn cypress:open`
  - Log In to the Cloud via the App
  - Ensure the project has been setup in the `Cypress (staging)` is in staging environment or `Cypress Internal Org` if in production environment and has a `projectId` that represents that.
  - Open a project that has `experimentalStudio: true` set in the `e2e` config of the `cypress.config.js|ts` file.
  - Click to 'Add Commands to Test' after hovering over a test command.

> Note: When using the `CYPRESS_LOCAL_STUDIO_PATH` environment variable, we bypass our error reporting and instead throw the exception immediately. The purpose of this is to try and surface issues immediately during local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: When using the `CYPRESS_LOCAL_STUDIO_PATH` environment variable, we bypass our Sentry error reporting and instead log out the errors to the CLI console or browser console.
```
